Fix standalone agent access for agent-driven monitoring (#17386)
elastic/logstash: docs/reference/monitoring-with-elastic-agent.md

::::

::::{dropdown} Grant agent access to Elasticsearch (standalone agent only)
:name: create-user-ea

> The following minimal permissions are required to send Logstash monitoring data to Elasticsearch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimal permissions required to send Logstash monitoring data to Elasticsearch:
```

> `monitor` cluster privilege
> `auto_configure` and `create_doc` index privileges on `logs-*` and `metrics-*` indices.
> See [Grant standalone Elastic Agents access to Elasticsearch](docs-content://reference/fleet/grant-access-to-elasticsearch.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `monitor` cluster privilege
- `auto_configure` and `create_doc` index privileges on `logs-*` and `metrics-*` indices.

Check out [Grant standalone Elastic Agents access to Elasticsearch](docs-content://reference/fleet/grant-access-to-elasticsearch.md) for details. 
```

Reviewer: I don't think that this is rendering as you intended: 

<img width="739" alt="Screenshot 2025-03-31 at 7 46 07 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/06a0273d-484a-4d0e-8c35-76a04ffb9957" />
